fix aside scroll for larger pages (#1163)
Shopify/hydrogen: .changeset/kind-planes-develop.md

---

> 'demo-store': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@shopify/cli-hydrogen': patch
```

---

> Cart aside area covers everything on larger pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix the starter template cart aside to cover everything on larger pages
```
